---  
title: Weeknotes 07/11/2025  
layout: post  
lang: en  
ref: 2025-11-07-week-notes  
hidetitle: True  
author: Alex and Owain
description: Another busy week in the Digital team! Here's what we got up to...    
---  

Another busy week in the Digital team! Here's what we got up to...

## What we've been up to this week:

+ Phil and Sam read James' excellent form feedback analysis of permitting applications. It was good to learn that most users found the forms easy to use. We've got work to do, though, on helping users find the right form, and understand what they need to know and prepare before they start.   
+ Sam and Phil met our form builder account manager. They came away knowing how to better use our templates to roll out standardised features more easily across our forms (like buttons including agreed button text). 
+ Sam joined the October 2025 GOV.UK Design System chat. Scottish Gov and CDPS gave updates on their patterns work.  
+ James is analysing the results of our intranet improvement survey. We’ve received over 100 responses so far 
+ Shaun and Mary have continued the intranet content audit and have now audited every page with over 100 views in the last twelve months. They’ve started to pull together all of the user needs for the pages audited and currently have a list of just over 700 individual user needs. 
+ Shaun has also been working on updating a carbon emissions guidance page ‘UK ETS permitting, monitoring, reporting and verification’. 
+ Owain had a meeting with the Digital Officers this week. As a protentional problem has been reported with how our Blocks/Tables handle Welsh special characters and other special characters. Owain was able to find the root cause of the issue and is updating the guidance 
+ Owain had been looking into the tiles that we currently use on the Intranet for an interim replacement. Guidance has been created and for the Team, ready for a run through on an alternative.  
