--- 
title: Weeknotes 16/04/2026 
layout: post 
lang: en 
ref: 2026-04-16-week-notes 
hidetitle: True 
author: Sam and Toyah 
description: Here's what the Digital team have been up to this week... 
--- 

+ Heledd has been focused on team 1 to 1s and shaping future team structure options. She also spent a day with other DDAT managers looking at the customer platform - specifically what teams and roles are needed to support it. The group discussed current challenges, overlaps, and how to better align ways of working.
The customer platform is not a single product, but a concept made up of multiple products and services, which has implications for ownership and delivery.

+ Laura and Phil met with subject matter experts to review feedback on the 'change a species licence' form prototype, focusing on routing for bird control licence changes. They’ve made some updates and are now mapping the form for final checks. 

+ Jane and Sam refined the forest management plan application form, sharing an updated prototype with SMEs for comment. Their focus next week will be the content that helps applicants understand what they need to do and prepare before they start their application. 

+ Shaun continued updating charges and related information across the site whilst working on the amended guidance for low risk impoundments and main rivers. 

+ As Mary plans the training for comms colleagues, she meet with Owain and Kim to look at our content management system news and blogs templates, and made tweaks.  

+ Publishing officers published a variety of new content onto the website, from accessible evidence reports to updated public registers. Hannah and Sophie have been investigating some of the trickier tables in documents that flag as inaccessible due to ‘regularity’ as well as brainstorming solutions and work arounds to support staff in creating accessible tables within their reports.

+ Lucinda's just published a fab [blog about how she redesigned the way users give feedback at the end of a service](https://naturalresources.wales/footer-links/blog-nrw-digital/blog-post-using-a-simple-pattern-to-increase-user-feedback-on-our-forms/?lang=en) – it massively increased the volume of user feedback we get. Great stuff.
